What ride on one's coattails
You can show me the heat
Pretend here
Do you think you are eating and drinking in the Jiang family?
You are superior
Tell the truth
I don't need to rub anyone
Because I am the biggest hit in the Chinese music scene
Hahahaha
where
You want to earn some face in front of Miss Jiang's family
You wouldn't say such a big thing, would you?
The more you slap your face and make you fat, the more you look down on people
Do you really think
On his own
You can get the favor of the masked arm
Miss Jiang can't do it, can you?
Okay, okay.
Say go, this brother-in-law
So much good trash
Hahahaha
He deserves to be compared to the masked singer
Hey, brother-in-law, you said today at uncle's birthday party
Come here empty-handed to eat and drink
Not suitable, waiter.
Excuse me, sir. This is a private club
Only people with a certain status
And have a membership in our hotel
To pay
Sorry, Miss Jiang is a member here.
Use this one.
Hahaha ok
But he pays for it himself